- Open the multidimensional image [xyzc_8bit_beads_p_open.tif](https://github.com/NEUBIAS/training-resources/raw/master/image_data/xyzc_8bit_beads_p_open.tif).
- Use the sliders to explore different dimensions in the data.
- Use **[ Image > Color > Channels Tool... ]** or **[Ctrl-Shift-Z]** to toggle different channels.
- Go to **[ Image > Properties... ]** or **[Ctrl-Shift-P]** to open the properties window to view the voxel dimensions. In this image the voxel dimensions are anisotropic (voxel width and height are not equal to voxel depth).
- Go to **[ Image > Stacks > Orthogonal Views ]** or **[Ctrl-Shift-H]** to see the orthogonal views of the image.
- Select the rectangular selection tool and draw an ROI around the green bead.
- Go to **[ Image > Duplicate ]** or **[Ctrl-Shift-D]**. Tick 'Duplicate hyperstack', select channel 1 and slice 15-25 to crop out the green bead.
- With the cropped out green bead as the active image, go to **[ Image > Stacks > Reslice]** or press **/** to open the reslice menu. Select 'Top' and click OK. With the 'avoid interpolation' box NOT selected, the resliced output of a calibrated image will contain additional pixels (calculated by interpolation), such that the XYZ proportions in the image follow the image XYZ calibration. However, the resliced output image no longer contains the exact same pixels as the input image, and reslicing it back will give you a slightly different image than the input image that you started with. If you select the 'avoid interpolation' box, the output image will have the same number of pixels as the input image. In this case, reslicing it again will return you the exact same input image that you started with. However, the proportions that you see on your screen do not reflect the physical proportions that the original real-life object had.
